---
layout: page
title: Retos
menu: cod-bo3-zombies
comments: true
---

He reunido retos que se puede hacer en mapas de zombies y en esta página los comparto con vosotros.
- **One buy challenge:** Solo puedes realizar una compra por ronda (no se aplica a teletransportadores y trampas).
- **One By One:** Solo un jugador tiene permitido dejar la habitación inicial al mismo tiempo. Si alguien muere fuera de la habitación inicial, nadie podrá reanimarlo.
- **Hardcore Box Challenge:** Debe ser comenzado entre rondas 3 y 5. Solo puedes comprar un arma de la caja por ronda y debes usar solo esa arma para matar zombis. En caso de quedarte sin balas, puedes usar el arma de la ronda anterior.
> Must be started between rounds 3 and 5. You can only buy one weapon from the box per round and you must use that gun to kill the zombies, but you cannot leave the mystery box zone (Doors will mark off the boundaries of the zone ), you can only buy things if they are in the zone in which the box is in, (So you will only be able to buy Juggernog if the box is the same zone as Juggernog) this will also apply to traps, parts, crafting tables, buildables and any other perk. If a fire-sale is active you will be able to buy anything you want around the map but you can only buy one thing, you must return to the box zone after the fire-sale has ended. Once after 5 rounds the challenge has started you will be able to switch your weapon if you don't like it (If you started the challenge in round 3, during round 8 if you want to, you will be able to switch one weapon).If you run out of ammo you will be able to purchase another weapon from the box or from the wall. If the box leaves the zone you must survive the entire round in the zone in which you currently are and leave one zombie to search the box in order to continue the challenge. Credit to JuggerWicho for this Challenge.
- **3-2-1 Challenge:** Solo puedes comprar 3 bebidas, 2 tiradas de caja y una mejora de arma en el Pack-a-Punch.
- **I'm too weak:** No comprar titán.
- **Zombie Wars:** Gather a large train/herd of zombies and intentionally try to get the other members in the game downed by crossing your train in-front of their path. Wait until round 15 (can vary depending on map) to start the game in order to obtain gear and perks. Temporary truces can be formed. Last man surviving wins. The winner can decide to kill himself in all his glory or to start next round and allow for his opponents to get a chance at redemption. this decision is commonly referred to <<Double or nothing>>.
- **Starting Room Challenge:** You can't open any doors.
- **Illuminati Challenge:** Similar to the 3-2-1 Challenge but you must roll a 6 sided die 3 times to get your 3 numbers. If you have more Pack-a-Punches than guns then you switch those numbers.
- **Bad Gun Challenge:** You can only use guns that are usually called bad in their Non-Pack-a-Punched form.
- **Speed Challenge:** The only perks you are allowed to get are Speed Cola, Stamin-up, and Quick Revive. You are also only allowed to use pistols and SMGs, and pistol wonder weapons (Ray Gun Mark I and II, Winter's Howl, Zap Gun). No buildables except for story-related ones (Icarus). Equipment is allowed. If you get the ballistic knife however, you have to keep it for the rest of the game.
- **Box Roulette Challenge:** The challenge starts on or before round 7. From round 7 onwards, you have to use a new mystery box weapon every round for the rest of the game. Pack-a-punch and equipment is allowed. Traps are only allowed if you run out of ammo. You aren't allowed to buy wall weapons after round 7. Monkey bombs don't count as a box weapon hit.
- **Shotguns are fun!:** The only weapons you may use are shotguns (starting pistol is okay, until it's out of ammo) and you can only accept shotguns from the box.
- **Powerless Lifetime:** You can never turn the power on, (or use the turbines) and if someone does turn the power on, you can't go into areas or use items that become available due to the power. (Ex: Der Reise power is turned on, you can't go into the power room from the lower area, and you can't leave the power area once you are in it).
- **Chop!:** You can only use the Knife like weapons: Starting Knife, Spoon, Golden spork, Hells retriever/redeemer, Galvaknuckles, Bowie Knife, Sickle, Ballistic Knife, Apothicon Sword, and the Plunger. (If I forgot a knife like weapon you can add it on).
- **I Don't Drink:** You can't have any perks or anything that involves you drinking it.
- **Double Everything!:** You can only use things that do things in two (having DT 2.0 on normal guns doesn't not count), so you can only have Quick Revive 2.0, Double Tap 2.0, Juggernaut, Speed Cola (1 and 2.0), Double Barrel/Olympia, Getting the advanced Mule Kick via Richtofen's "Mined Games," Dual Pistols (PaP'ing the normal ones to get duels is ok, but you can't use the normal ones,) and anything that burst fires two bullets at once.
- **One Hand Challenge:** Xbox and PlayStation players: set your stick layout to legacy southpaw Pc players: bind walk forward to a mouse button, then play with only your right hand.
- **Carpenter Life:** At the end of every round, you must repair EVERY barricade you can reach. Carpenters Power up doesn't replace this, so you must do this anyway. If Carpenters is activated at the end of the round, you must hit the box and trade out any weapon for what the box has on the next round. (If there is NO WAY (Buried) to access the barricade, then you can ignore only those you can't reach without dying).
- **Bullet Rambo: You can only use guns that shoot bullets. No knives/Explosives, and no PaP. Any perks that allows the player with another way to kill zombies is not allowed.
- **BOOM! Headshot!:** You can only kill zombies by shooting them in the head, for every zombie not killed this way, hit the box and don't take what it gives. (For BO2, just hit the Headshots only button).
- **SMR Only:** You can only use the SMR throughout the game, exception being the starting pistol.
- **Only Trade Empty Guns:** You can only switch a gun/equipment if it is completely out of ammo. Shooting/using ammo into the air/not at an enemy is not allowed. If you hit the box, you MUST take the FIRST gun/equipment it gives you (but only if you have that empty slot e.g. you are not allowed to hit the box to replace your grenades and get a ray gun to replace your full pistol). Buying a wall gun is allowed, but you may not buy additional ammo for that gun, you must get a gun with an alternative method. You may get Max Ammos if you wish, you can also keep an empty gun with you for as long as you like. Optional rule: Players can empty their final clip into the air in order to get a new gun.
- **9-3-5 Round Challenge:** Every Three rounds (1-3-9-12-15-etc.) You can buy a weapon (This includes Box & Wall Weapons). Every Five rounds (1-5-10-15-20etc.) you can buy a perk. Every Nine rounds (9-18-27-etc.) You may Pack-a-Punch. (An optional choice for added difficulty, you can only open one door per-round) -/u/blaruesfox
- **Gun Game challenge:** Every round you must use use a new gun round 1 knife only round 2 pistol only, once you get through all the wall weapons then you can hit start hitting the box PaP is allowed and so are perks -/u/ItsIjlalTheNoob
- **Pure Wall Guns Only:** You can only use guns that are ONLY available on the walls and not in the box, For example the M8A7, The RK5, The KRM. But not The HVK or the VMP or Shieva.
- **Old School:** You're not allowed to buy any perks/gobblegums and you're not allowed to PaP your gun. Buildables & Wonder Weapons are not allowed either. Just you, wall weapons, and the mystery box.
- **2 For 1:** You can only open a door when you have bought a wall weapon in the map. (E.G You can only get out of the spawn room by buying the M14, or you can only get to the wardens office in MOTD by getting an MP5K) The M1911 cannot be used at any point, and neither can the grenades until you buy them off the wall. The weapons act like tokens, where you can open ONE door if you have a new gun, but after that you cannot open another one until you get another gun. Buying ammo for the weapon does not count as a token. Once all the doors in the map are open, you can PaP a Wall Weapon that you have already bought. Any free weapons (I.E Wrath Of The Ancients) are not allowed. The Mystery box is not allowed, but perks can be bought at any time (With the exception of Mule Kick, Double Tap, and Deadshot Daiquiri). After all doors are open, as well as Pack-A-Punching a gun, you can start to get buildables.
- **Whats the Score?** Must keep the scoreboard displayed the entire game.
- **Incan Warrior:** The Incans were one of the richest empires in history, however they didn't have the concept of money. In this challenge, you are not allowed to spend your points on anything at all, meaning any weapons, equipment, perks and other items you want to use must be acquired without spending your points. This can be done on any map but is recommended to be done on maps that you're able to get at least weapons on for free, even if you can't acquire perks. It is recommended to do this challenge in co-op but it can be done in solo. You MAY open doors in solo, but that's all you can spend your points on. You may also buy doors in co-op if your team mates really need you to. You MAY acquire perks through a teammate's use of On The House gobblegum.
- **Juggernaut:** (I know this is already a challenge, but I'm changing it. Don't get your panties in a knot.) For perks, you can only have Juggernog, you can only use Light Machine Guns, you can't use tacticals or lethals, and you can only hipfire.
- **Gettin' Jumpy:** Whenever you aimdownsights, you must jump and shoot. Rather, you can only shoot in mid jump when you aimdownsights. Hipfire is normal. (Optionally, to lower difficulty, you don't have to do this with a sniper rifle, but you cannot steady/breathe on your shots.)